update note on running browser tests on windows private location (#38733)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/platform/private_locations/_index.md

| RAM | 4GB minimum. 8GB recommended. |
| CPU | Intel or AMD processor with 64-bit support. 2.8 GHz or faster processor recommended. |

> **Note**: Windows Private Location version 1.71.0+ comes bundled with Chrome and Firefox, so only Edge needs to be installed separately on the Windows server. For versions 1.70.0 and lower, all browsers (Chrome, Edge, Firefox) must be installed on the Windows server to run browser tests.

Reviewer: This is a more opinionated suggestion, but I think bullets would be easier to scan here. What do you think?

```suggestion
**Note:** Browser tests require browsers installed on the Windows server:
- Windows Private Location 1.71.0 and later: Chrome and Firefox are included. Install Edge separately.
- Windows Private Location 1.70.0 and earlier: Install Chrome, Edge, and Firefox.
```

Also are they included (bundled), or does the installer install them for you?

Author: They're included (eg bundled).
